just before this video gets going I want
to give a special thanks and mention to
nitrous networks our server provider for
our minecraft server they've been
working hard to improve service
stability for us and just recently they
actually acquired some new parts from
server itself so we can do our massive
build sessions without issue this video
isn't sponsored this is more so of a
courtesy thing for a lot of work that's
been going on behind the scenes so thank
you very much nitrous for lush if you're
interested in server hosting beat from
minecraft or a large variety of games
there's a link in the description to
their site and special thanks to our own
minecraft server admin James as well
because god only knows he works hard to
just organize these sessions and install
a bunch of plugins to make our lives
easier like seriously James is the MVP
and the man we got to thank for even
having a minecraft server to begin wish
so thanks to James and thanks to nitrous
- here we go but several people tell me
I think we're OK
most people seem to have survived we
only had like 10 students of Hogwarts
died
look they live good lives they made it
like 16 okay guys we're gonna try and
get a pilot together and we're gonna
build Hogwarts on the swamp oh and if
you if you try to do that yeah you're
gonna meet unfortunate timing we're just
gonna give like base blocks for the
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry itself
that's got this funky Art Deco look to
it okay grog or sounds better okay I do
I do kind of like grog warts warts bog
no its bog warts its bog warts because
it's in a bog it's in a swamp its bog
warts it has to be that's gonna feature
all your favorite houses
buffle Duff grave and flaw misery
what's Gryffindor you're rich you're
really going for Peter Gryffindor what's
wrong with you guys I'm the guy hasn't
been funny in like well it wasn't funny
to begin with okay so so far we have a
lot of like pretty grandiose towers
but just nothing of substance I guess
people are still working on the
libraries you know what actually has a
cult it's just a cauldron yeah
you gotta have some cauldrons it's a
school of witchcraft you Brewin stance
like the salt there's so much to work
with here
bog Ward's School of Witchcraft and
Missouri we do need to eliminate some of
these y'all I know it's a school of
magic but you got to keep a ground in
realism okay
Dumbledore didn't die for this spoilers
guys it's Harry Potter
Dumbledore died he's Darth Vader dies at
ease Luke's father spider-man doesn't
feel so good at the end of infinity war
but cut you've had time you've had time
Jesus dies a spoiler at the end of the
Bible
JK Rowling reveals that the reader was
gay it's just it's so pointless isn't it
because like Gus Johnson has an amazing
just skit unlike what JK seems to be
doing
the Harry Potter franchise like the
books are already like so wonderful but
it feels like they're just being
retconned
or details that weren't in the books to
just force them to feel more inclusive
and it's like the dumbest thing it's
just needless Gus tree also has an
amazing schedule in it that's like it's
perfect like do go watch it cuz it's
properly funny and thankfully when it
comes to that bears a very notable
English critic did actually write about
this in death of the otter which
basically is like you mate mate makes
the case that once a work of fiction is
published
what kind of once work goes out there is
removed from any additional context
provided by the author that's actually
not arrived from the work itself so that
it's it's a weird because you think that
JK Rowling is like there's a definitive
Authority for what is canon Harry Potter
she's not the it has to actually be in
the book and I that is a branch of like
English theory and criticism sorry yeah
I got I got very English you there thank
you I former a former English student oh
Hogwarts got built what we were
talking we got we gotta go have a look
around
we've missed a lot someone's will from
the whomping willow JK Ryland secret
book collection book of truth definitely
not here yep
not here everyone on the server if you
want to come over here with some signs
and add your now Canon contribution to
Harry Potter ah we will visit this room
later
am I still gay even though JK hasn't
announced ish no cuz her word is
absolute I'm so sorry that's just how it
works in today's society Pat decide in
room I took you Peter Griffin tour these
go together 10 out of 10 would die again
we need to finish the roof up here too
and get like a great cone shape up here
it's Leviosa not Livio Saha at this
design just has gay you didn't know this
but the paintings were gay all of them
you just didn't notice
huff and puff oh that does not sound
right like that this sounds like where
all the students go to do drugs after
hours toughening puffer all they're
adding more recipes Dublin's have been
at it start with an extract of cast make
Kilkenny pour some cats into a bottle of
egotistical people throw in a drop its
killed her loose finally add some we
think we have a situation this entire
building is funny only for Irish people
like it's great I love it oh my god
it's a puffle tough library mind the
murderous pokes says get off yes my
favorite Harry Potter character Frodo
Baggins gay Hut only gay people can
enter so everyone can the bog warts
crest is being made God love you Stefan
so many people that have just seemingly
died I love these little rooms like this
looks quite cozy
oh here's like the staircase with all
the pictures there's a nearly headless
Nick is nearly headless because this
guy's about to smack his head off
awful snuff
I feel like there's like 12 different
variants of Hufflepuff on the go right
now girls bathroom psyche it's a snake
pit
lmao you got pranked are you just stuck
down here
yeah you working on the Chamber of
Secrets right now the gallows for
naughty students is Ginny Weasley die on
this thing oh my gosh Kerry start with
bumpy barren land thrown a few farms and
not much else
finally had some people that no one can
understand I went to carry on holiday
with a few friends of mine I think seven
or so years ago and I had a friend who
was from Kerry widows that we were
staying like kind of in his family's
home he had to interpret for us
when we went to get a taxi one time the
man would speak in English but his
accent was so thick we couldn't
understand a word he was saying to try
and replicate it for the taxi driver I
swear I had no idea I had now what I
said there was a sure where are you
headed now
actually I had no oh God okay we have a
lot of new things made cannon Harry
Potter Lego games they're actually the
official again our East too it is
actually Harry Hill plot twist the
Golden Snitch was a bat painted gold
Lovegood Harry tank drops now that one
might actually be canon let's be honest
here
it was definitely awesome stuff it does
seem accurate doesn't it I think that's
one if JK came out with that like
tomorrow
I think ever would be like yeah fair
enough here's the study hall I love the
bright red intimidating floor let's see
quite a nice build from the outside some
of their like architecture here is
actually quite impressive oh no okay
wait wait wait where have we walked into
I never read the last book but I
actually enjoy the last film
I just thought it was kind of lame and
like not pay off I guess I don't know it
was just me but it felt like just like a
bunch of stuff was just added in with
the whole Deathly Hallows and these
being these all-important artifacts that
was in no way mentioned up until that
point in the final Harry Potter books
and I know from Dumbledore to be careful
Hogwarts there's much it's been cut this
year the whole point is that they aren't
mentioned before but that feels like
lazy and I kind of like bad writing
because it's just added in surely it
should be a better payoff because you're
seven books in I can understand stuff
relating to the Horcruxes because that's
been kind of like an ongoing trade and
like they're going to a lot more and
like say like the sixth book but like
the Hallows on top of that it's like
find like the seven Chaos Emeralds now
here's the tree Twilight mirror pieces
to go to the realm of tweye at Twilight
and then you're gonna need the fused
shadows to defeat Voldemort heir to the
spells get budget cuts well that's the
real question
what's Hogwarts gonna be like after
brexit hits because they always
talk about these other magic schools
that you don't quite see that show up
for the balls are they gonna be denied
entry to the country and not be able to
attend the ball
what's breakfast like in the School of
Witchcraft and Wizardry do they seal up
platform 9 and 3/4 and you can't run
true lot well anymore without a border
check it looks very impressive it's just
a lot of to see like it's hard to kind
of find your way around if the go up
moves to the towers just to navigate the
place all gourds needs witches
give them witches eggs well I can do
that myself ok they'll they'll slowly
sort themselves out from this point so
it should be okay oh they do murder
people don't they I thought they were
like the testificandum it lives in the
swamp yeah well let's just get the
Goblet of Fire and out that'll sort
itself out wait yeah hurts crack Luna
Lovegood on drugs
baby Hagrid supplying the drugs that's
two bits a cannon that of JK Rowling
came out with it tomorrow oh my god hi
wait the crack the crest is complete we
gotta get a look at this cuz like this
is actually really impressive
the only change I'm gonna make like this
is this is awesome
ball court snap that's awesome and
here's the points chairs
it's buffle Duff smitten grape flaw
looks enough Peter Gryffindor all the
points signed humble do professor tape
doesn't approve it's all it's all just
freakin bootleg characters like we have
professor like mcdougal yo just like the
blacks chemistry teacher who just
googles all the assignments doesn't
actually know the answers and it's kind
of winging it we have ran berry berry
bothers best friend
herobrine of course instead of Hermione
we know guys it's not Sweden just take
it all in from up here like you can
actually see like definite grounds to
the campus that up in the bog I actually
like this is probably one of the Messier
builds we've done cuz it wasn't much
coordination in regard say like Bill of
Pine army instruction what people should
do I think just because everyone knows a
little bit of Harry Potter though like
it looks genuinely good that probably
the jankey is bit is just this top tower
I I am NOT the like architect we need
for this unfortunately it's frickin
lopsided - it's like leaning off that
way it's gonna fall i grits crack shack
is gonna be crushed even love somebody
like these like flag designs I don't
like look at this it's just all the
house colors and then like a beacon
block here for a little bit of detail
but like it looks insanely cool oh
they're trying to build the train
station oh you see what's going on this
is train track look in the bog Ward
station made by bauxite undermined under
kept just as always seriously no double
doors we cut it on our paychecks
I for one blame brexit and JK rowling
it's perfect
careful don't fall down or you'll be
killed brutally oh my god we have
another freaking whomping willow the elf
slave kitchen no doggy's allowed well
that's a lot of ovens all fernand edit
is home oh hey since incident zeros oh
wait no someone had it Sweden Sweden is
not one of the houses keys we've been
over this out of curiosity what house
are you in Rihanna I mean I'd be
Hufflepuff because I'm a nerd
and I'm not cool enough to be any of the
other houses everyone in secretly hopes
that their raven cloth is my theory
everyone wants to be ravenclaw because
they're seen as i kind of like the cool
not so mainstream cup well house no one
really wants to be Gryffindor because if
you say you want to be Gryffindor didn't
like your 12 you just want to be
there as Harry's there no one ever wants
to be slithering cuz they're evil and
that no one wants to be helpful tough
but we're all secretly Hufflepuff all
they colored in Hagrid's now just a home
no longer its crack Shack oh no there is
this crack shack sorry it's two
different builds oh yeah it actually is
it's looking a bit better from this side
in particular yeah I love how it's still
like a snaky design too like it doesn't
pens here for no reason no people keep
out and Sweden into everything we'd no
reign supreme hearse who he's the tower
kind of extensions wizards don't use
maceration here that's true they do just
study no magic tricks
oh I never answered the second part of
your question of kill revoke is like out
of curiosity how so you and Rihanna
because I'm definitely hufflepuff
Rihanna Slytherin a lot of the tower
just needs to go like someone used the
Bruins stands like a wall block it's
Justin it's an eyesore this is what I
was thinking about when it came to the
central tower design like more like - I
said we got this blob there's no one's
gonna want to go Hufflepuff but you're
all Hufflepuff like anyone who thinks to
Ravenclaw's helpful puffs
you're not you're not cool enough the
freaking flying car Jonah's Oh God
rest in peace it's beautiful
eros just stuck in the tree
[Music]